docs: improve the doc about Raw operator and add missing test (#6863)
typeorm/typeorm: docs/find-options.md

SELECT * FROM "post" WHERE "currentDate" > NOW()
```

> If you want to provide user input, in order to prevent SQL-injection, you can use the native parameters by providing a second argument to the `Raw` function.

Reviewer: A little more verbose but maybe clearer?  What do you think?

```suggestion
If you need to provide user input, you should not include the user input directly in your query as this may create a SQL injection vulnerability.  Instead, you can use the second argument of the `Raw` function to provide a list of parameters to bind to the query.
```

Author: Fixed and commit (doc:) amended

```ts
import {Raw} from "typeorm";

const loadedPosts = await connection.getRepository(Post).find({
    currentDate: Raw(alias =>`${alias} > ':date'`, { date: "2020-10-06" })
});
```

will execute following query:

```sql
SELECT * FROM "post" WHERE "currentDate" > '2020-10-06'
```

> If you need to provide an user input that is an array, you can unwrap the native using the following syntax:

Reviewer: We don't need the particle `an` in `an user input` - it's just `user input`.

We could probably borrow from the [`query-builder`](https://github.com/typeorm/typeorm/blob/master/docs/select-query-builder.md#using-parameters-to-escape-data) docs some of the wording, as well.

```suggestion
If you need to provide user input that is an array, you can bind them as a list of values in the SQL statement by using the special expression syntax:
```

Author: Fix and commit (doc:) amended

```ts
import {Raw} from "typeorm";

const loadedPosts = await connection.getRepository(Post).find({
    title: Raw(alias =>`${alias} IN (:...titles)`, { titles: ["Go To Statement Considered Harmful", "Structured Programming"] })
});
```

> it will execute following query:

Reviewer: Just to match the previous examples above

```suggestion
will execute following query:
```

Author: Fixed and commit (doc:) amended
